The approach to acquire the data is open source using web scraping. Starting with the Googlesearch Python library used to access Google and extract urls based on keywords, with the option to select the range to limit the number of links.

Once the links are found the Goose library can extract any news article or article-type web page and not only extract what is the main body of the article but also all meta data and most probable image candidate. This will serve as the main way to scrape text data. 

With these tools that now act as our sensors, we can now make research to find urls and access its contents. But it needs a query. 

Before we go into general query for web scraping we look at a single specific website.First a lot of meaningful information can be extracted from Goodjobfirst the website offers CSV data set listing subsidy and penalty. Extrapolating this data with cathegory (evironment, social, economic) we can find in the type section “wage and hour violation”, “employment discrimination/screening violation” related to social, “tax violations”, “export control violation” for economics and “environmental violation”. Sadly the subsidy dataset is not as informative with its type like “property tax abatement” and “infrastructure assistance” thus all fiting within the economic section.

 Having that information offers a deeper look with a corporation’s mind. For instance with Fedex main penalty source is related to aviation safety with a total of 137 case altho the most expensive total is related to the 23 case of wage and hour violation with total paid of 500 million, another worthy addition is the workplace safety or health violation at 75 case thus from these one can argue that Fedex is not prioritising safety. And then there is the subsidy, or how much support they are receiving. And on top of the list with 158 cases is tax/credit rebate which sits at 2 million of tax exemption. But is far behind the 360 million Mega Deals, which only refer to subsidy packages that are worth more than 50 million the two were offered between 1996-1998 (in the future we will have to account for inflation for my calculation).
