The methods to bring forth the issue will be in three steps, first create a flexible algorithm to gather and tidy the data, secondly create a digital visualisation of said data that encompass all of it, and finally create a moving sculptural piece that can creatively interpret the dataframe. Luckily I am not starting from scratch, indeed during my masters this is a subject that holds quite a bit of my attention, thus I have made multiple versions and exploration related to the first two steps and started exploring physical computing to intervene in the physical and sonor space. 

The first step is to create the algorithm. As it is now, the approach is to use open source data and fetching it with web scraping and sentiment analysis. This technique is optimal as it openly accessible information that can be access by most. It also offers the opportunity to give out the source of the assessment for peer review, and it feels legally non threatening. While the web scraping works wonders, the challenge lies in the query’s. Since the algorithm has to account for the portfolio diversity of the Hyper-human and change the query’s accordingly to the type of company. It will also need to dig further to know if the company uses subcontractors like mining or perhaps extrapolate on the raw material on the product they are selling. If they are a transport company are they are thinking of the environment and following up on their promesses? Furthermore, the current sentiment analysis is Vader from Nltk, which is great for short social media text but is less reliable for longer article that are more nuanced. Thus there will be the need to explore alternative that can handle numerical reasoning like the NAQANet model. 

As for the second step, the visual has evolved quite a bit from a single company to a hyper-human and will keep evolving as it still has some room to interpret the data. The visual is inspired by the Coxcomb diagram made in 1858 by Florence Nightingale, where a company is represented by 3 arcs, each in different sections of the disc corresponding to the company's impact on the environment, the social and the economy. The area occupied by the arc is defined by the amount of data gathered. Then the positivity influences the radius distance while the degativity the angle size. The sentiment also affects the colour lighter if positive, darker if negative. While there is still adjustment to make and probably no need to interpete the same information two times there is still the position to set, as now the position is defined by a noise function which, while serving no purpose, creates striking yet soothing visuals. Perhaps there is a need to investigate motion as a specific company attention grabber.  

The final output would be an interactive physical computing installation building up on what I have learned from a recent work called Resonance which explores the controlled chaos, by animating a matrix of steel tubes hanging from a tread. Further exploration in the upcoming summer will be looking at the sonification and composition of the hyper-human as an early exploration. 
 
